numpadz is written in python by Jason Byers (started) on the 21.6.2018.
--------------------------------------------------------------
If you end up using or enjoying this free piece of work, please let me know - I would love to hear from you.
Also if you are kind enough to support the project buy me a coffee or say thanks through paypal: jsoncz@gmail.com
--------------------------------------------------------------

- What is it?
A simple program to use your numpad as a simple sampler. Did you ever mash up youtube tracks with the numpad like I did?
I enjoyed it so much I created this program to share the joy! :)

- Screenshot
check numpadz.png

usage: python numpadz.py
use numpad to play samples, use + or - to cycle between sample packs.
use * and / to cycle through GIF packs (no script to create gifpacks exist yet, but I've created some bash scripts to rename and 
resize the gifs.
Press 0 on Numpad to stop all sounds

Numpadz_02.py is in development which features a recording mode.
usage: instead of gifs, and gifpacks you have recording mode which uses NumLock to toggle recording,
/ to toggle playback of recorded data
* undo
. clear pattern
+ / - is still to cycle sample packs
ENTER holds whatever sample is being played without adding to the recorder
0 stops all sounds

TO DO:
I might need help moving from pygame to another audio library as it seems a bit CPU intensive, they way that I am loading so many 
wav files simultaneously.
Multi threading?

Tricks:
You can switch sample pack while still holding a key - this will continue to loop that key, allowing some looping without holding 
the button


requirements: pygame, ffmpeg 

pack builder: (script requires a dict file - by default it uses: /usr/share/dict/cracklib-small - you can modify this in the convert.sh script to solve if you have any issues.)
to build your own sample pack, check the wav folder, add 9 random wavs to the folder and run 'sh createpack.sh'
those wavs will be converted and moved to a folder with a randomly generated name. The pack will automatically be added to Numpadz to play with.

included are some sample packs I have compiled from random free packs (don't sue me please).
